docs: docusaurus based documentation (#1570)
LibreTime/libretime: docs/guides/scheduling-shows.md

Once your files have uploaded and have been successfully imported (as shown in the pane on the right),
click on **Calendar** on the left navigation.

![](./scheduling-shows-screenshot558-add_show.png)

Click on the blue **+ New Show** button to add a new show.

![](./scheduling-shows-screenshot560-show_when.png)

At the very minimum, fill out the show's name and when the show will take place. If the show will repeat regularly,
check the **Repeats?** box and fill out the repeat information. A description of all fields of the New Show box
are in the table below. Finally, click on the grey **+ Add this show** button at the top
of the pane to add your show to the calendar.

Once your show is created, click on it to open its context menu. Select **Schedule Tracks** to open the track scheduler.

![](./scheduling-shows-screenshot561-add_show_content.png)

> The track scheduler behaves similar to iTunes or Windows Media Player: media browser on the left, playlist on the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The track scheduler behaves similarly to iTunes or Windows Media Player: media browser on the left, playlist on the right.
```

> Find the tracks that you'd like to schedule by using the search box or sorting columns and then drag them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the tracks that you would like to schedule by using the search box or sorting columns and then dragging them
```
